well it is the second day of semifinals
here in Shanghai I am joined right now
by frost Curran with covers presented by
mobile lytx to discuss league of legends
worlds and so much more
what do you think of worlds so far it's
probably the most entertaining worlds
that we've ever had I can't remember the
last time we have this many best of
fives go the distance and this explosive
of gameplay yeah is that is that because
the gap is closing I actually said on
Worlds tonight that I actually believe
the gap is closing but I thought it was
more so to do with the the meta and how
it's really shifted in that when we're
so dependent on kind of these big 5v5
team fights at least that 90% the teams
are that games are going to go to that
5050 coin flip and we want to see a
smaller disparity between the regions
now is that is it good for legal legends
if games are going to 50/50 coin flips I
think it's good for an audience's point
of view I mean this is a very different
matter than the years of old where you
know you had the lane swap and more of
the intricacies and what teams could do
there still is definitely a lot of
really cool strategy that's happening
especially in the 10 band system but it
is a very different beast than it once
was you know the season threes in season
fours okay so I interviewed Kobe and I
asked him what he thought of the world's
games and he was like there were a lot
of them and so I said all right if you
added them all together and you gave
them a cumulative score what would it be
he said seven point four out of ten and
then and then Jacques said okay from an
entertainment perspective because she
didn't know what Kobe was basically she
said it was any point five interviewed
Israel he gave over nine so we're
trending upwards what will you give it
um if it's an entertainment scale I
think you have to go a solid ten I mean
we had misfits take SKT to Game five we
had rng take SKT to Game five
cloud9 and Europe both made great show I
mean we've the miracle fnatic run we
have ATG almost make the Miracle on
cloud nine had a great performance in
quarterfinals so from a purely
entertainment standing I don't think we
get any higher from here
I feel like North American fans could
say it could get a little higher right I
mean the cloud I gave was nice but it
would have been nicer if they made it to
semifinals what what as the China expert
what do you think of China at this event
for me it was really the return to glory
for China we the collapse in 2015
20:16 was really the rebuilding of China
and 2017 is the return to glory for
China so you know we had a decent MSI
fell down to G to EDG made strong
showing in a case for themselves in week
two of groups both the the other two
Chinese seeds made out number one in
their groups taking down Korean teams as
well as to number one seats and flash
wolves as well as TSM so I think so far
China has reclaimed the spot as number
two region in the world that said the
gap is closing so I don't think it's a
it's as big between you know all of the
regions stacked up now we are filming
this sort of at the beginning of the
second of the match today but you were
not on the analyst test but there was a
solid Samsung lineup of predictions
across the analyst desk this interview
will be seen after the match has already
done so this is your chance to stand out
and make a different prediction if you'd
like to so going into it I know that a
lot of the the cashiers consoled me for
what to think about team w/e I will say
that on stage and behind stage it is
very heavily samsung focus I feel to be
the only person who actually really
believes in team w/e i still didn't
predict them to win the series but i
thought i'd be very close i I believe in
my predictions this morning with the
fishy I was saying it's gonna be a 3-1
and I don't know if that Samsung or team
w/e I think it's like 60% Samsung 40%
w/e but just the nature of these teams I
don't think we'll go to five games
because they are so focused on their
five e5 and I felt that it would come
down exclusively to execution that this
is gonna be one of the few series where
you look at draft phase and you're like
okay we can predict the winner from here
because these teams are so good at
executing their precise wind conditions
because they are very clean it's not
gonna be like an orangey where they have
a terrible draft and get a vain game but
just outplay themselves Wyn Samsung just
aren't really those teams also talking
to some of the Western personalities
there's been I've been asking how
they've been in Worlds and they they
like a lot they've had a good time in
China it's getting a little long for
them and a lot of them up in here for a
month or even longer and so they're like
I kind of miss home what about you
because again you are China girl I think
or what is your reddit name that Chinese
fan girl that Chinese fan girl so being
here in China and also seeing you know
seems to so well how's the outside of
the game outside the work stuff going
for you I always really love Shanghai
Guangzhou is my other second favorite
city I've been to six Chinese cities
before and I think I've spent maybe a
collective six seven months in China
over the last three years
I love Shanghai but Beijing is is
beautiful but it's not really my speed
it's very spread out well I will not be
able to enjoy Beijing I'm ducking out
tomorrow so I'm glad we could talk but
trying to think of what else oh yeah I
mean how are things going in your life
and sort of outside of even worlds you
have any plans after worlds or any trips
or anything I'm gonna be taking a trip
to North America I really want to go to
Disneyland I feel like I never get to
say that there's Shanghai Disneyland a
bunch of people went off and did that
this week I definitely did that rode the
Tron ride like six times you definitely
messed up yeah no just uh just getting
ready for everything next year 2018 a
lot of changes I mean offseason is
interesting for a lot of people because
sometimes it's time for break and stuff
but I know that sort of working with one
of the newer regions like like you are
I'm sure that there's just actually just
a ton of work to be done yeah so I can't
speak to in depth about the the changes
that will be happening in 2018 but I
don't really get an offseason I think
I'm gonna take a vacation for about a
week afterwards and then I'm heading
directly to revamp everything about the
english LPL broadcast it will be
completely different next year still be
an english it'll definitely be an
english completely different like the
language is still the same yes but we'll
be bringing in a translator so we'll
have someone who can translate live
during casts and hopefully a lot more
features and goodies nice are you the
translator no but I will be eventually
eventually that's the goal I'm gonna be
learning or taking very extensive
Mandarin courses what is your percentage
proficiency in Mandarin at the moment I
can definitely tell you that I love you
okay well I'm sure there's a lot of
people I'm sure that would love to hear
that from you I speaking of that I feel
like you know we did an interview last
year at
I am where we talked for a while I was
off-camera I was a little feature we did
at Yahoo but where I was off-camera and
kind of talking about your progress and
it was interesting because I think you
went from somebody who was a lot of fans
were like oh that girl that Chinese
fangirl to something it's like all right
Frost Korea she's okay whatever she does
I don't hate it when she's casting - now
this worlds I feel like you're getting a
lot of love and a lot of attention from
the fans and especially from the Chinese
fans here who you know people walk past
shocks here they're like who's that and
they're rushing towards you so what has
it been like to sort of experience this
you know big big sort of change of heart
from some of the English fans and also
just a lot of support from the Chinese
fans I'm speaking to the Chinese fans
first it was very surreal because we
cast the LPL English in a studio so
we've cast them away from crowds in
Oceania we almost never have interaction
with any sort of crowd the only one is
for OPL they would do a finals and it
would be a live broadcast but because it
would always correspond with the LPL
days it would be the oceanic Australian
casters would go in cast the OPL when it
was a split broadcast and I would cast
the LPL that day so I have never
interacted with fans outside of my I am
appearance or my international
appearance when I got to do the LPL
finals last year in spring I believe we
went to Guangzhou and it was the first
time this is so surreal we went to an
arcade at a mall completely away from
the venue and I was with fish and rusty
and we were actually stopped by fans to
take pictures with me because they knew
who I was and that was the first time
that had ever happened to me and I
thought it was like the most surreal
experience so it's been incredible and I
love the Chinese fans and I try to
interact with them as much as possible
but the language barrier does make it
difficult in terms of the the shift of
community perception with the North
American or the Western fans I kind of
loved the spot that we're at right now
because I find that the the community is
like pretty cheeky and it almost feels
like a like an inside snide thing like
any time what was it there was an image
that came down during ignores Leona game
it was like last time Leona was played
it was yellow star that did it in the
EEO LCS and I was like there's a good II
would an oldie so that's good stuff good
stuff
all right well is there anything you
would like to say I know we have to rush
you back just in case
something goes wrong with the broadcast
and you're needed rush out there and
tell people you love them and Mandarin
is there anything that you would like to
say to any of the fans I will say that I
love them in Mandarin so it's a forgive
my pronunciation it's well I knee okay
so there you go Travis I know that
that's the one you got a store in there
I need that I will use that later on
next time when I come to China very very
good well thank you so much for the
interview
and I am looking forward to seeing all
the new exciting stuff that is happening
next year with the English broadcast
everyone else you can check out the rest
of our coverage of all things worlds
right here on my youtube channel oh
hello I didn't see there I actually just
got back to the hotel after going to the
venue for some interviews and I'm
actually just checking out the new
mobile it's a sports site that's right
you've heard me talk to you about how
they help you figure out your strengths
and weaknesses but they've just launched
this new thing for worlds there's so
much functionality let me tell you about
it
it's got schedules for the games and I
know a lot of you hate spoilers there's
actually a spoiler tag that changes the
functionality of the site to hide
results etc so that's what you're
interested in you've got that there are
pregame analytics and analysis for
matches before they even start there are
post game breakdowns builds and more
advanced sense including analytics using
mobile it's specific formula there's
even a section dedicated to champions
themselves in fact you can search
specifically for your favorite player
track their games view heat maps read
through their champions and see more and
finally by the way if watching these
videos is too taxing MOBOTIX actually
has transcribed many of my world
interviews for your reading pleasure so
be sure to check it out it's got all
sorts of cool stuff on it
explore the site its eSports top mobile
X dot GG and by the way thanks for
watching this video you can actually
sign up for their service if you want to
get better at League Legends over at
mobile extra GG / Travis